Me gusta mucho el cine, veo muchas series actualmente estoy viendo "Better call Saul", sobre mi genero 
de peliculas.. diria que las independientes, de poco presupuesto hay una argentina que se llama "7
reinas" me gusta mucho; hace poco volvi a ver "perros de la calle" de Tarantino y creo que
la volvere a ver, con mi abuela ando viendo peliculas de Pedro Infante; la ultima que vimos fue
"Dos tipos de cuidado" una super pelicula; me gusta mucho porque siento como si fuera un musical
y para la epoca en la que fue grabada tenian muchos conceptos tecnicos, no me refiero a los efectos 
especiales como tal, si es algo que tiene poco lo suple con una muy buena historia y una 
captura del reflejo de la epoca.




I really like cinema. I watch a lot of series. Right now, I'm watching "Better Call Saul".
About my favorite type of movies, I would say I like independent films and low-budget movies. There's an Argentine film called "The Dogs" that I really like. Recently, I watched "Reservoir Dogs" by Tarantino again, and I think I will watch it again soon.
With my grandmother, I'm watching Pedro Infante movies. The last one we watched was "Dos Tipos de Cuidado" - it's a great movie! I really like it because it feels like a musical. For the time when it was made, they had many technical concepts. I don't mean special effects exactly. If the movie doesn't have many effects, it makes up for it with a very good story and it captures the reflection of that time period.


"Entrada juan Camilo


I like fantasy movies. They make me feel excited and immersed in the story. One of my favotites is The lord of the rings, is excellent. The Lord of the Rings is a great story with very good characters, amazing landscapes, an impressive plot, and music that fits the movie. It's about a hobbit named Frodo who is tasked with destroying the One Ring, a powerful artifact that was created by Sauron. Frodo is joined by Gandalf, Sam, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, and Boromir on a perilous journey to Mordor to destroy the Ring in the fires of Mount Doom.

I recommed it because it is a great story with good characters and exciting action."

"Entrada david Felipe:
I usually enjoy science fiction and adventure movies because they show creative ideas and make me think about the future. The movie I want to talk about is Interstellar, which is very significant for me. I liked it a lot because it has an emotional story and amazing visuals. The movie is about a group of astronauts who travel through space to find a new planet for humans, because Earth is dying. The main character, Cooper, must leave his family and face many difficult situations in space, and this part of the story really touched me. I think the movie is powerful because it talks about love, time, and sacrifice. I recommend it because it makes you reflect on family, science, and the importance of hope. For me, Interstellar is a movie that stays in your mind for a long time."




















